what's up guys it's Brad in here and
today I have a pretty cool unboxing for
you I'm going to be unboxing the
mercedes-benz SL 65 AMG app controlled
car this thing is so cool yeah it's
pretty neat you can use your your iPhone
iPad or iPod Touch and you can control
this thing it does not have an actual
remote so if you don't have an iPod then
or iOS device you're pretty much out of
luck but I mean this thing is pretty
neat
my brother got a BMW x6 controlable car
from from Santa Claus - and I tried to
do unboxing of that but he took it away
from me too quickly so I'm just gonna do
a review of that instead of an unboxing
I'm also gonna do a review of this but
the video titles will be different so
yeah that's good - opening this thing so
can do it with one hand everything's
gonna be done with one hand because
seems pretty cool it's got working
headlights and taillights thinking as a
horn also I mean everything's pretty
pretty much legit on it it's got you
know the same wheel spokes is the real
one it even has on the side here v12
Biturbo written what I think is pretty
cool I mean they really paid attention
to detail
you've got the AMG styling on the sides
the whole interior is styled - I mean
you really can't see it from this angle
but yeah you've got your gauges which
are all detailed it's getting blurry
can't really zoom in come on no that's
not gonna let me yeah but you got you've
got pretty much everything detailed in
there just pretty neat and I mean that's
not really much I can show you right now
because this is all Bolton you've got
the screws in the bottom
draw bolton in but when i eventually
start taking this around the house i'll
show you what exactly it's made of how
fast he goes and stuff like that but
here's your little manual this is the
language here's it innate in english
there's another caller there's a black
and there's the red version i like your
red better look sporty-er to me so just
a little pamphlet playing with your iowa
scar supposedly you have to download the
app that they tell you to download that
this company has but yeah that's the
only way you can make a work is by
downloading the app and then launching
bluetooth and stuff like that it's
pretty it's pretty easy i set up the x6
in about 15 minutes
but it takes batteries and it's it's a
it's actually licensed by Daimler AG
which owns Mercedes and BMW and it's all
part of the the German car company you
know VOC the Volkswagen Group
that's all damla AG the one guy owns
basically all those different cars so i
mean i think it's pretty neat i'm gonna
test this out in the next couple minutes
my battery's dying on the camcorder so
i'm going to end the video right about
now so thanks very much for watching
please rate comment subscribe and this
is your Brandon and I'm out
you